In the last section, you have seen how binary and text numbers
can be used to store information such as text on a computer.
Now in this section, we will use a debugger to glimpse directly into
computer memory to locate a string of characters and its binary form.
The key idea here is to understand that there is
no magic behind storing information in memory.
Based on a coding scheme such as ASCII, for example,
data is available to us and we can directly see it in computer memory and if necessary,
we can also change it and store it.
Before we start, I'd like to warn you a little bit.
The GDP output is not pretty,
there is no need graphical user interface we will
use to look at a colorful display up on memory,
but instead, we will see the raw numbers in the terminal,
both in binary and in hex form.
So let's go for it.